Here's the context, and I'm going to I'm
going to explain this in paint, so it's
a little bit easier to follow. Roblox is
a video game. I have not played Roblox
before. However,
I have heard that it's insanely insanely
popular. So, today, here's what we're
going to do. All right. I'm going to try
random games either that you guys
suggest or I don't even know how this
works. I I've never done I don't know
what this is. We'll try it for what, 5
minutes, 10 minutes? I don't know how
long with some amount of time on each
game. And if I actually genuinely like
it, [__] cinema. And that's one out
of five. Now, the the funny context here
is that last stream I had a little
conversation talking about how I feel
like I don't enjoy games that much
anymore. And while a lot of you guys
were saying it's cuz I'm depressed, I
think it's just cuz I'm like too busy,
so it's hard to have a lot of time. But
I was actually kind of thinking about it
and I was like, damn, I I genuinely need
to get better at enjoying things. So,
I'm going to do my best to try to enjoy
things and not be negative. I'm really
gonna try and I think the odds of me
liking this are very low, but we're
gonna see what happens. Whoa,
gunfighter. Wait, there's just g Whoa,
it's just Guess the meme. We got to do
Guess the meme, dude. By the way, I
don't Did I ever say this on stream? I
was offered an internship at Roblox in
the summer of 2013. And at that point,
Roblox was tiny and bad. And I was like,
this isn't this doesn't even look like a
fun game. It's like a weird platform. I
don't really want to work on this. And
so, I denied it. and then I didn't end
up getting an internship that summer.
You could have stopped this. I don't
think as an intern I would have had the
ability to shut down the company. I
would love this unironically if I just
like the games. And the the depression
thing is a joke to be clear. I do not
have depression. I am unironically not
depressed. That is not why I am
disliking things. Okay. [snorts] What's
the one I saw? Oh, guess the meme. I
don't even think I can do one minute of
this. And
what do I just press play?
I'm [music] not even What is happening?
What is happening?
[bell]
There's two problems. If you take
suggestions, you get trash games like
fish. But if you pick at random, you get
trash games like steal a brain rot.
>> What is steal a brain rot?
Put the butter on him. The dog.
>> I'm butter dog. Uh, this is really good.
>> Don't forget to buy some Robux.
>> I have an idea. Every time the game asks
me for money, I banned somebody in chat.
Why is it the troll face? Isn't that
from Among Us? Okay, I don't like the
game.
>> You should be careful about Roblox.
There's a bunch of 34year-old grown ass
men playing it. Shut up. So,
it has to be mods. We got to ban
somebody. Uh, ban I shall do timeout,
Keninoi. Congratulations.
Okay,
>> I'm
still
>> That was awesome. Honestly, fun idea. I
didn't like it, but it was a fun idea.
And I'm glad that people are having good
time. I'm not depressed. I'm going to
update the score.
Can't wait for Doug to play steal a
brain rot.
>> Should I not do steal a brain rot? Is
this a bad idea? Everybody keeps
referencing it. Terrible idea. Do not.
Steal a brain rot is terrible. Let me
just give me a minute. Give me a minute
of it. I'm curious because you guys are
acting like I'm going into a war zone.
What? What the [__] Okay, I'm also
learning how to play. So, it's right
click to Why is it so loud? We've lost
him. I don't First off, I appreciate
that people are being creative in unique
ways nowadays. Okay, this is a raccoon
and a kiwi. Doug, you did not buy a new
beanie panini. Okay, how do I do that?
This is AI generated slop. I don't
>> What?
>> Oh,
>> new beini [music] pizza.
>> What? Steal brain rods from other
players and bring them to your base.
What?
Why am I being abused by this truck? I
don't What's hap What is happening?
Stop. It's been over a minute. So, hold
on. I'm in a prison with this [music]
guy for 18 seconds. Nothing happens. I'm
just
And then I just get to leave. Leave
after or what's going on?
I think
That that was horrible. No, that was
>> Oh, didn't see you there. Star Forge
Systems is having a big 2026 sale right
now. You should go check it out.
starforsystems.com.
How is that one so popular? I don't get
it. Okay, let's do a vote. I guess I'm
lost. I don't know what's going on. You
guys seem to Let me rephrase that. Some
of you seem to know Roblox a lot more
than me. What game next? Somebody said
doors. Crazy stairs. Be swarm simulator.
Are these real? I I don't have making
[__] up. You aren't picking any good
ones. I don't know what is good, man. I
have no idea what this is. Here, you
decide. Tell me what what to do. Doors
and you aren't picking any good ones. We
will do those two.
>> A game you should really try is Typical
Colors 2. It is a very faithful Roblox
remake of TF2, so I'm sure you would
love it.
>> Oh, really? Yeah, I want to try that.
Typical colors. I want to try that. It's
asking you for money. Wait, is this
asking for money? Okay, mod. Somebody
needs to ban someone.
Is this it? Am I doing the right thing?
Well, it's not very scary. I guess let's
have Texas speech going.
>> Hey, Doug, what's your favorite pizza
topping? Mine is sweet porn. That's
disgusting and you should be ashamed of
your opinions. Pepperoni, keep it
classic.
Okay, that's five doors. So, okay, I
have a question. How does the average
person experience Roblox? Are they just
playing the popular ones? Is it like
obscure games people are playing? Is
something supposed to be happening or
you have to keep going through doors?
Okay, well, we've got one more minute of
going through doors. I teach a computer
class and had a student try to download
multiple dark web browsers to try to get
past the firewall just to play Roblox.
Must be drugs [music] in the code.
>> Dude, I would be so into this if I was a
kid. Cuz look, for people my age,
Newgrounds is what we had. And New
Grounds was like anybody could submit
flash game. Oh my god,
I Okay, I did an achievement or
something. So like Newgrounds was flash
games that were just terrible mostly,
but occasionally there were some really
good ones. And so it's same vibe. Is
something supposed to be happening in
the game or I'm trying to be positive
here. I don't want to end the game and
just say that was boring. I just walked
through five rooms and nothing else
happened. I'm trying to be positive
here. I'm not depressed. What happens in
the game? It's a slow burn. Okay. Hide.
Why am I hiding?
Why is everybody saying hide?
Whoa. [__]
So, you have to pay. [laughter]
All right. Mods banned. Somebody asked
for money. I am so happy for the people
who enjoy Roblox and who have gotten to
experience this game and had a really
good time. Okay. I am so stoked for you
and I'm glad you're having a great time
with it.
This isn't even me being depressed,
which I'm not, by the way. This is like
What do you mean what? Nothing happened.
I just walked for 10 minutes and 5
minutes and then some guy killed me.
This is the Outer Wilds of video games.
It's better than the others. The Hold
on. Do I need to update this? This is
not even a bit that I just have a hard
time enjoying video games nowadays. We
are trying to melt my icy heart. Okay,
you just need to play more. If I go to a
nice fancy restaurant and they they they
give me two appetizers and they aren't
very good and I'm like, "Hey, this seems
like a great place. I'm just not
interested." And somebody's like, "You
just need to eat way more of the food
here." I mean, maybe, but probably it's
just not a restaurant for me. You know
what I mean? Doug, are you okay?
[laughter]
I'm just like, it's okay, guys. He's
depressed. Play aim. Okay. No. What was
the other one? The The second one was
natural disaster, right? Okay. Here we
go. Natural disaster survivor. I would
really I would like to enjoy one of
these. All right, I'm trying. Do your
best to survive the natural disasters.
Every round features a random map and
disaster. Okay, this sounds great. Give
it an actual chance. Okay, I I'm going
to sincerely with every fiber of my
being give this a genuine chance.
Prepare for an attack. What? What are we
volcanic [music] eruption? Get away from
the volcano. What? What is going
What is
>> Hey, dog. Dog, how are you?
Uh, you know, I'm pretty good.
Okay, this premise of there's natural
disasters and you have to survive in a
house. Awesome. That being said, I've
been standing here for five for 5
minutes.
[laughter]
Wow.
I'm incredible, dude. Dude, this one was
like on the verge of me liking it. What
is with your horrific body?
Keep playing. Volcano is very bad. Okay,
if something really sick happens in the
next minute, this could go up into I
genuinely enjoy it. Tornado. Okay,
that's kind that's kind of cool. I'll
admit it. Dude, if I was five, this
would go insanely hard, but like I just
have to walk away from it. This is I
mean I'll go into it, I guess.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay. No, I'm sorry. Bad Games 5. I'm
sorry. No, that was not that cool. Look,
very cool idea. I I think it's great.
[laughter]
I know the games you will like. All
right, Dash. Dash, we're going with you.
You're my leazison into the Roblox
world. Dash, I need you to give me a
just banger game. I'm going to love
Front Lines. The vote is Front Lines
from Alt Drive. This just looks like
Call of Duty. Oh [__] dude. This is
going to pork.
Is this just a shooting game? This is
insane.
Oh, beans. This is crazy, dude. This is
I can't believe this is made in Roblox.
How do we rate this? Cuz I could be
like, I'm enjoying this right now, but
would I go play more of it later today?
No. Sounds like you're depressed. I'm
not depressed. I just I have other
interests besides playing Call of Duty
right now, and I think that's fine. Like
if this was with friends, I would be
having a good time. I think I think we
can put this as enjoyment. Look. All
right, I'm going to actually I'm going
to base it off of how much fun I have in
the next three lives.
Okay, I'm having fun.
Fifth kill. I'm having fun. All right,
ladies and gentlemen, this is a good
game.
Okay, that being said, that being said,
I think new criteria. It can't just be a
one to one recreation of another game. I
feel like it has to be unique Roblox
experience. What was the one that's
apparently just TF2? I want to play that
one. Okay. Okay, I can [__] it.
Can I walk rocket jump? Oh, I can.
Not quite the same physics. [screaming]
This is a legit ripoff.
All right, next game. Deep Woken Robot
64 Speedrun 4: Better Call Saul
Simulator. We'll try next.
>> BTW, since you like TF2, you can play a
game called Surf Cause. It's literally
TF2 knife surfing.
>> Really? I want to play that. I want to
play that one. I want to play that one.
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Where'd I go?
So, um, how's everybody's day? I always
think, what would be the funniest way to
just like tank my channel? And if I
became a full-on Roblox streamer, like I
just don't say much either, but like
every day we post like a 40inute video
of it on my YouTube channel.
>> Roblox only channel for half the year
and the other half of the year is
Tetris.
>> I'm going to be honest, I [music] am not
able to be like a gameplay streamer. You
know when people sometimes in this
channel be like, "Doug, we're here for
you." Like, we just want to We're just
down to watch you play games. You don't
always have to add some gimmick. What?
Like, there's no way this is
interesting. I'm just playing this game.
I don't have anything to add. I'm not a
person who's just like, "Oh my god,
chat, did you see that?" I don't have
anything to say. We need a gimmick.
There needs to be a gimmick today. I'm
having fun. No, you're not. Even if you
are, you're depressed, so it just feels
fun. Okay, we need to add something. How
would we do Okay, hold on. That was the
This isn't good. I'm sorry. This is not
good. It's just worse surfing. It's just
worse surfing. Surfing is free. You can
just go do the s the actual game. Go
play actual surfing. Don't do it in
Roblox. Okay, we need a gimmick. What's
the We need a gimmick. What's the
gimmick? Being depressed is the gimmick.
That doesn't have legs. Let's get drunk.
[laughter]
Yeah. Davey, are you Are you on Discord?
That's a good That's a good thing. Let's
do that. Yo. All right, everybody. It's
Davey. It's my brother on the call.
>> All right.
>> Cool. Cool.
>> And just to be clear, so you can't just
play a game.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. Right.
>> Can't just
>> So the gimmick is I'm on the call.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Now you can just play games.
>> Okay.
>> Because that's because that's the
gimmick. That's the
>> Okay, I'm going to go with that.
>> Oh boy. This it sure is what Doug does.
Sure is different than all the other
streamers,
>> you know, the rest of them, you know,
doing their little haha, you know, omega
lol rage game, right? But no, Doug's
Doug's got like a, you know, real He's
found a real kind of unique avenue into
uh to the to the streaming space.
>> Yeah, I like this. I like this.
Viewership's already up. We're up like
4,000 viewers.
>> Are we are Oh, hell yeah. Anyway, you
don't have to talk to me. Like, it's not
It doesn't You know, I'm not
[clears throat]
>> Yeah, I'm not expecting you to So, I'm
just But I'm just I'm on the call and so
you're good. All right. It's you. It's
It's you time now.
>> All right. Cool. I appreciate that.
Thanks, Dave. Thanks for covering for
me. Yeah, no problem. Um, anytime.
Dave, I know this isn't like the bit
we're doing, but I have a question. I'm
curious you have any thoughts. What do
you say if you're just playing a game?
Like, I don't think you do this either
based on my experience of growing up
with you that you don't just like say
stuff while playing a game. you enjoy it
in the same way that when you're
watching a movie or something, you're
not just sitting there yelling and
narrating what's happening. What is even
the premise of what I would
theoretically be talking about in this
game? I genuinely don't know if there
isn't like a crazy gimmick. I have the
same experience where I'm like
everything I say now is like an act that
I'm doing and it's a little bit weird. I
just feel that way in in life about
stuff, right?
>> I don't know. I don't know. I don't know
the answer to that question. To me,
that's just like a being around people
question. Like, what do you what do you
say?
>> Yeah.
>> To
>> I don't know. Maybe other people are
just like, "Oh, obviously you just say
the whatever the funny the funny thing
or the you know, maybe other people like
thoughts just come into their mind and
they say them." But I I never know. I
always feel like a
uh like a fraud or something.
>> They're saying it's cuz you're
depressed, too.
>> I'm depressed.
>> Yeah. Apparently, a symptom of
depression is that you aren't constantly
narrating what is [laughter] happening.
>> I don't know what these other people are
going through and they just have
thoughts that occur to them. Even what
I'm saying to you right now, the real me
wants to for us to just sit in silence
together. That's a good, you know,
authentic,
>> right? Like if if I was to really view
my Twitch chat as a like a as a genuine
friendship, what would I look for in a
genuine friendship? Is somebody for whom
I can sit in silence and just be
comfortable?
>> You know,
>> yes, 100%. 100%. If you're like if
you're anytime that you have like a
relationship with some with anyone of
any kind where you're feeling like, oh,
what do I got to say next?
>> Yeah. Yeah. It's just,
>> you know, it's always like, all right,
this is not this is not sustainable.
something. This sounds like a bit and
I'm not even kidding. Do you think that
there's a bunch of people in Twitch chat
who feel the same and they're like, I
need to type something into chat. I just
don't feel like I'm contributing to this
stream right now. And so like a lot of
the stuff people are spamming is just
they just feel obligated to contribute
to the conversation. I think and I like
watching people on Twitch. I enjoy it.
Part of what I get out of it is that the
people streaming seem to be able to talk
and just have a constant in the- moment
experience of whatever they're doing
that I am not capable of. And so by
watching them, I get it vicariously
through them who them who doesn't seem
to have this problem. and contributing
something in the chat is kind of like
role-playing as you know being a part of
the life of the person who doesn't seem
to have the problem with talking to
people right
>> for me it's a little bit like oo I'm
watching this person I get to pretend
while I'm watching this person like I
like I'm a normal human being who can
just talk and say things and feel like
good about that
>> do you feel that when you watch people
on Twitch. Do you feel that way?
>> The people I'm interested in have a
goal. So then I get excited by the goal.
So I don't I don't even watch people who
just fill time, you know?
>> Okay. Yeah.
>> And there's like, you know, there's like
Northern Lion types who can literally
just fill with entertaining stuff all
the time,
>> but unless there's like a gimmick, I'm
not I'm not pulled in usually.
>> Yeah. Interesting. And I think you and I
are, you know, our our personalities are
a little different in that way, but
that's I think that it kind of depends
on on each individual person's like um
what's the thing that lets you that lets
your brain go into its like safe space,
right? It's like comfortable like, oh,
okay, I feel like I'm I'm getting
activated in the in the right way. Um,
>> there's a guy who's been in all caps be
like, "Please, please, please play this
[laughter] game."
>> I just think it's so funny in the
context of this conversation [laughter]
to be like to be so invested in that. I
imagine he's being held at gunpoint with
the level of passion that this person is
exuding.
>> This is what me being on the call does
for you is you can be like, "This call,
the stream is not about that guy. The
stream is about your call with me,
>> right?
>> Yeah, that's true.
>> Like it's the stream has a purpose. I
know you I know you're constantly
worried about what's the purpose of your
streams and now I have an answer for you
and it's me and it's you know so now you
can you can ignore that guy.
>> Yeah.
>> Like what is this stream contributing to
the world? What is it doing for
humanity? Right. And and it's
>> and it's that you're on the call.
>> It's that I'm on the call. Not I don't
even have to be saying anything. But if
I'm just on a call Yeah. Yeah.
>> That's the Yeah, that's the the purpose
of the of the stream
>> on a on a somewhat ironic level. I'm or
maybe not ironic at all. I'm really
enjoying this Roblox game. [laughter]
>> Have you considered that it's because
I'm on the call?
>> It could be why. I think the pressure to
be entertaining is that I've just been
sitting here zoning out or it's like
what everybody was saying. You got to
play Roblox with your friends. And you
know, we're just hanging out, having a
little conversation.
>> Now, I've been having I The timer ended
like five minutes ago. I'm just having a
good time.
>> This is great.
>> Remember what you said about how you're
like, "Oh, needs like a challenge. You
need like a gimmick or a thing. This is
what it when you just when you're just
talking to someone, then the need for
the gimmick goes away." I think one
lesson I'm taking away from this, I can
delegate the responsibility of there
being like a a thing to other people.
Even once you choose to leave the call,
I can pull up one guy and simulate being
on the call with them.
>> And then it's kind of like that's the
it's like hanging out and playing Roblox
games with chat.
>> And that's that's what we're doing
today. And it's just and it's kind of on
that person to carry
>> the vibe.
>> All right. You know how everyone always
says like streamers are not your friend,
YouTubers are not your friend? Yeah.
Like no, now they're wrong because
you're [laughter] actually
>> you're actually going to pick a person
out of your chat and be like, "No,
you're my friend now." [laughter]
>> You got to you
[laughter]
>> and like you're ruining it for everybody
if you are. If this stream is sucking,
if it's not fun, if people aren't
enjoying it, if there's you're dropping
viewership, it's my fault.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Because then, okay, so we
pull up, you know, Bob John 4. Okay. And
then and then if people like, "Yeah,
this stream isn't really that good."
I'll be like, "Yeah, Bob really just
wasn't very fun." Like, it's [laughter]
not on me at all anymore.
>> Like, I just don't Oh, that's so sick. I
didn't think about that. And of course
you open yourself up to the recurring
characters like oh if there's you know a
viewer you know we call them viewers but
really why don't let's just call them
friends right [laughter]
yeah
>> you know when you have a friend who is
on who is there in the stream with you
um and then uh you know everyone knows
that that friend is is like uh you know
oh that's a great friend and then it's
like oh you know Bob John's back or
whatever and also gives you a little
something to you know gives the the
stream some friction if there's a bad
Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Which is everyone kind of wants
everyone wants a little of a little of
that too.
>> What I'm wondering if I could delegate
this further and I I could like activate
some code that picks a random message
from chat and says it to you and so I
don't have to contribute to the call
with friends anymore.
>> You're outsourcing all parts of it,
>> right? We get multiple friends to be in
a call and I'm just around like I'm just
physically nearby. What you're
describing is like, you know what people
call like podcast games where you put on
a game and you just listen to a podcast
in the background?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Right.
>> I'm listening to a podcast. [laughter]
>> You're listening to a podcast, but the
podcast is your stream,
>> guys. I just want to I'm going to kind
of turn my brain off and just listen to
stream today. Let me um cuz I could pick
a random person
>> and then just bring them into the
Discord call and chat [laughter] with
them.
>> I'm listening to the Discord.
>> [laughter]
>> All right, look. I I have a pitch. This
is probably a bad idea. I'm I'm throwing
it at you. Um
>> ju I just accept the next two friend
invites I get and I bring him into the
call and then we
>> Great. Love it. Let's do it. And then
you and then you just zone out and
[laughter]
>> Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Let me go ahead
and uh go and my friends list. All
right. Cool. Um Ben the Bozo and Bravo.
Hey everybody. How's it going?
>> Hello. I'm doing good. How are you
today?
>> How are you, Doug?
>> Oh, wait. Sorry. This isn't about me.
This is about you guys.
>> Uh, hey. Hey guys.
>> Y's a minute. Yeah. Well, um, uh,
>> this podcast, they need to fix their
audio on this podcast. [laughter]
>> Somebody has a bunch of delay.
>> Episode one of every podcast is always
like has a bunch of, you know, [__]
technical stuff.
>> Anyways, hello stream chat. Uh, welcome
to episode one of our podcast.
>> Frankly, we're just, you know, we're
just three guys. We're just friends. We
just always have such great
conversations when we get together.
>> So, we thought we make it into a
podcast, right?
>> Oh, yeah. We're like peas in a pod, bro.
>> Okay, I'm going to I'm going to cut you
guys off. This is the part of the
podcast where I'm looking at the
description of the podcast, and I saw
that there's a section where you guys
talk about the Federal Reserve cutting
interest rates. I'm going to skip ahead
to that right now.
>> And so, concludes the [laughter]
Federal Reserve cutting interest rates.
Uh, let's get on to the next section
that we have, which is wacky numbers.
Uh, [laughter]
>> I really think
>> I love the numbers podcast. Oh man,
>> it's got to be 57.
>> See, I'm a massive eight fan. I'm a
simple guy. The the eight is such a good
number.
>> Is that your favorite number is or is it
the wackiest number?
>> I mean, think about it though, eight is
also wacky cuz if you if you flip on it
side, then it's infinity.
>> I think any number that's a bunch of
eights is pretty wacky, right? If you
have like 8,888,
that's a pretty wacky number.
>> That's a pretty wacky number.
>> No one no one's out here lying having
88,888 or [laughter] something.
>> Uh so now uh uh that's it's been great
conversation everyone, but uh we got to
take it over to our sponsor. Um we got
we got a great sponsor this week. Our uh
our our our sponsor this week is Fresh
Prep. With Fresh Prep, you can make
delicious handmade meals by from your
home without having any You don't need
to do No, that's not true. You do need
to do it when you pressing a skip
button. I'm pressing [clears throat]
skip 15 seconds, 30 seconds, 45 seconds
ahead.
>> That was the most amazing fresh prep
meal I have ever made in my life. I was
dying.
>> How long are you skipping ahead?
Delicious.
>> So, make sure you use our code for 10%
off in check. Oh my god, it's still
going. 15 seconds.
>> That that code is Doug. Doug is full.
>> There's a two minute ad on this podcast.
15 seconds.
>> It's been such a hard time for me. And
Fresh Prep has been there the [laughter]
whole way. I
>> 2 and 1/2 minutes forward. 2 and 1/2
minutes. [laughter]
>> And and and I don't know why she didn't
come back. She said that it's your
fault. She said it's you. And I said,
"No, it can't be me." the end. Fresh
Prep was there. [laughter]
>> Fresh Prep knew what I needed.
>> Yeah. Remember Remember you can get you
can get 88,888%
off your next order of Fresh Prep with
code Doug Dougdugdoug.
Podcast.doug.
Fresh Prep back. Fresh Prep.doug.
fresh dot slashback slashback slashback
slashback slashdougdug
at freshprep.net.com/dougdug
>> I forgot what it is though. Can you
repeat it?
>> I think I think
>> All right. That that code again. That
code again. [laughter]
Fresh. [laughter]
>> Make sure you're writing this down,
chat. Write this down. Fresh
Prep.co/playfighting. code.fresh
prepplayfighting.
[laughter]
>> I'm gonna go ahead and um pause the
podcast. Thank you so much to my podcast
hosts. Um I'm going to go play the
Roblox games now.
>> I'm trying to give you guys an out. Do
you want to keep doing [laughter]
>> Can I just
This is funny. Doug, you don't you don't
thank the the podcast hosts of the
podcast you're listening to, right?
>> That's true. Thank you.
>> What do I do? Exactly.
>> In the Discord.
>> Okay, I'm ready in the Discord. Great
episode, guys. Really loved it.
[laughter]
>> Please talk about the Federal Reserve
again next week. And always remember, if
you're buying Fresh Prep, use code Doug
Doug Doug Dug
Dug.
>> I I I skip 15 seconds.
>> Oh, he's Fresh Prep. If you're trying to
go out on a date with your girlfriend,
>> [__] love Fresh Prep. Remember that.
[laughter] Use code use code [__]
love fresh prep at checkout. Yeah,
that's the new code
>> for 88%
off your next order of French bread.
>> Thanks for listening everyone. We'll see
you next See you next time. Here's the
uh music that we that we play. Here's
our
>> Yeah, here's here's our intro music.
>> Take care, everyone. See you next week.
>> Oh my goodness. [laughter]
>> And I'm closing the Spotify app. All
right. Good uh good podcast. I have
great news. This game's great. Okay. Un
look, unironically, I was playing the
first, you know, whatever hour of game
and everybody kept saying Roblox [music]
is mostly fun with your friends and I
was like, I know, but like but I'm just,
you know, I'm trying it solo and then
when it was it was me in a call hanging
out with people and then I'm just
playing this in the background. I had a
really good time. So, we perfectly
simulated what Roblox is probably like
for the average person and it was a
great time. It is kind of a dug coded
game. It's just like simple movement
that's a little mindless. Okay, two out
of five. That was good. That was great.
Dash, I'll drive. Hit me with another
one.
>> You should transition into being a drama
channel with Roblox surfing in the
background.
>> Wait, we can do this right now. Dash, do
you have a game that I can play that
looks like the type of thing that goes
in the background of a YouTube short?
And I'm like just playing. I'm like,
today there was an update on the
whatever drama cart ride into 17
pregnant hyenas. What? Okay. All right.
We got to find drama. James Charles and
Jeffree Star are fighting. Oh [__] So,
we're we're [music] going to clip this
and turn it into like a a Tik Tok and
then uh get like a million views or
whatever. Okay, I [snorts] need to be
able to coordinate all these things. I'm
pressing a button, playing Roblox, and
doing the drama talk simultaneously.
Okay, go.
Beauty guru Jeffree Star made a shocking
accusation against fellow influencer
James Charles while appearing on Tana
Mongu's podcast, Cancelled. Allegedly,
James tried to leverage his fame and
financial influence to pressure a
19-year-old. Jeffrey claimed on the
podcast that James has invited the young
adult to a hotel room, and when the
unnamed team became hesitant, James
allegedly said, "I paid for this room."
Jeffrey explained [music]
that James newfound wealth had changed
him. Like and subscribe for more news
like this.
Okay, I don't This bit sucks. We're
moving on. This game sucks, too. You
haven't reached the good part. I don't
understand how the game works.
Whoa. My god. Okay, that is 17 hyenas.
All right, what is the next thing we
voted on? Speedrun 4. Wa.
Okay, here's how I feel about Roblox so
far. I mentioned at the beginning of the
stream, this reminds me of Newgrounds
where if you are over the age of, I
don't know, 30, then you probably also
played Newgrounds as a kid where anybody
could make flash games and submit them
and it was [__] awesome and most
flash games were absolutely abysmally
bad, but it was kind of fun to explore
the really shitty ones either, you know,
ideally with your friends, but maybe
not. And then some of them are really
genuinely good, right? And seems like
that's exactly the same vibe here. The
problem is that the reason I played
Newgrounds games [music] is cuz my
parents did not let me play video games
on the console. Like I just I had access
to the internet but not other games. So
like if I could have played World of
Warcraft or Team Fortress 2 or Mario
Sunshine or like anything else, I would
have done that. If this is all I have, I
would love this, right? But would I
rather play this versus Haste? No, of
course not. That's that's insane. So
far, all of Roblox feels like context
dependent. Where are you? What do you
have going on in your life? What do you
have at your avail, you [music] know, at
your disposal for entertainment? This is
another podcast game. I would enjoy this
if I was listening to a podcast. I
would.
>> If you had to guess the highest amount
of people playing steal a brain rot,
[music] 10,000 50,000 nope, 24 million.
>> That can't be real. Or if it is, who are
they? I guess I am playing past the
timer. To be honest, I'm kind of
enjoying it. All right, any of these
jump out. What is grace?
>> Hey, Doug. You're my favorite [music]
movement. Slop duba.
>> Dude, I love movement slop. You have two
surfing and and haste and then the two
movement slop. If it's movement slop,
I'm probably going to do it. Is Grace
movement slop? Oh my god, I'm going be
so stoked if it's movement slop.
Interesting.
Oh my god. Okay.
Doug, Grace is an extremely fast-paced
runner. You have to keep sprinting
nonstop.
Jesus Christ, man. All right, this is
pretty sick.
Where do I hide?
Dude, I would just play this. Like, I
would just play this game.
Oh, you're supposed to wait under it.
Dude, that's just a fullon like that's a
straight up fullon enjoyment. God damn.
That's great. That's just a sick game.
Damn. Roblox got hands. All right. What
was the What was the other one? The next
one we voted on it was like Itto, right?
I assume it's this.
Is this it? It's just
it's just this it's just like parkour.
Like this is this is podcast gaming
right here. I would listen to any
podcast honestly. Wait, dude. Let's
listen to Foody Boys podcast. I hope
they don't mind. They might sue me. They
might break my kneecaps. They're going
to hire the Pinkertons. But MD Foodie
Boys are these guys who have a lot of
life experience and are sharing their
experiences of the world. It What's cool
about this? It feels a little bit
different, right? It's four guys who are
friends and they like to have
conversations and have a good time, but
now they're sharing those conversations
at a podcast and you'll have a lot of
fun, maybe laugh a little bit, maybe
even learn a little bit too.
>> What's up everybody? Today we're at the
podcast studio on Ber Main Street and
I'm with My name is Ryan. I'm with EMTT,
Payey, and Jackson. We're going to start
off this podcast top three Halloween
candies of this year. Wait, was that
edited? What just happened?
[music]
>> I'm going to have to go top three. And
this might be a little controversial.
Purple Skittles only. Only purple.
>> All right. So, the these guys, if you're
not aware, um started this podcast like
10 months ago. And um people became
really passionate about who is the
dominant alpha male of the group. And so
as it progressed, [music] people are
just leaving more and more comments
about like so they came up with
nicknames for all the different people,
all the different guys. I forget his
name. Uh I think Perm Mcloven is there's
like major beef between Oh yeah, Chub
Perm. Chub Perm is the main host. And
then there's huge beef between Chub Perm
and and Mcloven
>> who looks like Mcloven from
>> I mean there's not a lot of good movies
out right now.
>> Yeah, I want to see the new Shrek movie
though.
>> There's a new Shrek movie. It's coming
out Christmas time this year. I want to
see the new Captain America movie.
>> Okay, let's see if this just Let's see
if this works. Not my podcast. Well,
let's try it out. All right, you haven't
even listened to it. Let's just listen
to the MD Foodie Boys podcast a little
bit while I play Roblox, [laughter]
which is a totally normal thing for a
34y old man to do. Okay, and we're going
to just let's just see how this game is
when you're listening to a podcast.
Okay, that's all I'm looking for here. I
miss the old Doug. If somebody's like,
"Yeah, Doug just plays Roblox and
listens to podcast now."
>> What are you guys'
out of everything favorite um cereal?
>> Oh, that's good. That's good. I I want
to hear that.
>> Hot cereal,
>> which I think is oatmeal.
>> Wait, what? Hot cereal.
>> You never You've never heard cereal
like the old people say like hot You've
never seen like
>> I've never seen somebody say hot cereal.
>> Maybe I'm making that up. I don't know.
I feel like I've seen that though. The
best cereal is the either Cinnamon Toast
Crunch or the Peanut Butter Captain
Crunch.
>> I could go I could go with the Cinnamon
Toast Crunch.
>> I don't really eat cereal, but if I had
the Cocoa Puffs cuz not just the Cocoa
Puffs alone, but it turns the milk like
into chocolate milk and that makes it a
big I love chocolate milk.
>> Me too. We know you love chocolate milk.
>> I mean this with all due respect to the
young gentleman who made this podcast.
First off, I think people should try
creative things and I super encourage
people to try making things. That being
said, I did not have anything to say to
the world of value when I was 12.
>> Do you guys like crunchy peanut butter
or like so like
>> it really doesn't matter.
>> Whatever. Like the regular GIF is
>> I like that more of the crunchy stuff.
It kind of like feels gross cuz you're
like
>> I've never had the crunchy. That's an L.
Crunchy peanut butter is way better.
>> Two types. The GIF peanut butter and the
Skippy.
>> Skippy. I've never had Skippy. She's
never had Skippy peanut butter.
>> Would you rather have like a turkey or
like meat sandwich or like would you
rather have a peanut peanut butter and
jelly or something like that?
>> Uh I think I'd rather have peanut butter
[laughter] and jelly. Well, for you just
peanut butter.
>> Yeah, I guess.
>> I'd rather have peanut butter and jelly.
>> I I liked like the turkey and all that
cuz it feels like more of like a sub.
>> There has got to be slam and cheese.
Slammy and cheese.
>> There's got to be more interesting
things happening in these guys' lives.
There's got to be.
>> Doug, I just got on. What are you even
doing,
>> dude? I don't know. We're leaving. All
right. Uh, that's fine. That game is
fine.
>> Hey, Doug. [music] I thought it was
funny that a grown man plays Roblox, but
for once is not a pedo, and then you put
[music] on a children's podcast.
>> You are framing this in the worst
possible light. What was the next one we
voted on?
>> Press to impress.
>> The only thing I saw about this, I saw
Squeaks playing it for like 1 minute and
he had a squid. He was walk He was he
was a squid. He was walking around as a
squid.
Um
so what am I doing? No, I mean slay
queen but what am what is even
happening? I I don't I assume I am
dressing up and then I will be I will
show [music] it off or something.
Damn. Queen slay. Why do they slay way
more than I do? Damn, dude. Slay. This
really makes me feel like I'm not as
good at dressing up in feminine style as
uh as other people.
>> You're supposed to follow the prompt at
[music] the top of the screen.
>> Yeah. No, I get I I get I just don't
Look, this isn't a thing I do in real
life. I at no point ever have been like,
you know what? Today I'm going to dress
myself up like it's snow day. I I don't
I don't do that. What I do is I go into
my closet and I'm like shirt and then I
put on the shirt and then I'm like pants
and I put on the pants. I don't This
isn't like a thing I do.
Oh my goodness. Slay
only three. I don't I don't know. Look,
that's a total four. What am I? Are you
supposed to give everybody fives? This
is a total sleigh outfit. You're so good
at this. Do you practice? That's a two.
That's a two. You're going to tell me
that's a two. That's not a sleigh.
Disgraceful.
I feel like I How do I How do I do
stuff? Uh, shimmer
pose. Oh, yeah. Yeah, there we go. Was I
supposed to have a face? You didn't
choose a skin or a face. That was an
aesthetic choice. Okay. Stop criticizing
my art.
I don't understand. How did this one
beat me? I hate this game. Oh, wait. I
have a story. Okay, quick story. When I
was in sixth grade, my school went on a
field trip. We went to Yoseite and we
were all staying in cabins and then
there was this girl who liked me. At one
point, we were hang out near one of the
cabins and I hadn't like made an effort
to go hang out with her, which happened
to be hang out near one of the cabins
and then she and it was like there was
snow and she looked at me and said, "Do
you know what a snow kiss is?" I said,
"Probably where you kiss in the snow?"
And then I walked away. [laughter]
Um, and I I always still wonder I wonder
if she wanted a kiss or not.
It was like this. It was like [laughter]
this. We were in the forest outside the
cabin. There's all the snow and like
these beautiful trees everywhere. The
important thing is that I got I answered
the question correct. I don't know.
Google it.
Okay. What What was the next one? I feel
like for the final one, it should just
be random ones at the top of the charts.
That's like a funny way to end it. Play
Helen Keller the Experience. I don't
want to do that. Not because I hate
Kellen Heler, but because I think
there's going to be a lot of people
making edgy jokes in chat when I'm just
I don't want to I don't want to deal
with that. Okay, let me try uh Rivals.
This seems cool. This seems like a
shooter.
Someone came in chat and said, "Try
Super Ball Survival." And then said the
N word. I'm like, "Dude, what are you
you probably didn't see it in chat cuz
it got flagged immediately." I was like,
"What? [laughter]
Okay. Oh, this is just this is just guns
again.
Wait, it's me versus two people. How's
that fair?
How do I melee?
What is happening? Am I playing against
a three-year-old?
Oh no.
Damn,
>> dude. I'm [__] hard, man. [__] uh
chocked, bro. Luna just called you out
as a hacker. [laughter] Did they? Nice
hack,
dude. That would be an awesome way to
get cancelled if I was using an aim hack
in Roblox.
Nice hack.
What is my teammate doing?
Brother,
he isn't even Do you know what's going
on? This is literally a four-year-old.
This person doesn't know how to play a
video game.
Oh my god, he killed somebody. HE KILLED
TWO PEOPLE. NICE HACK. YOU'RE THE BEST.
NO.
Got him. I need to help my guy.
Wait, we want OH MY GOD, HE CLUTCHED.
DAMN, DUDE. [__] sick as hell. I
unironically think what happened is that
a four-year-old was playing this game
and he and their father was nearby and
after the dad was like, "Oh, good job,
sweetie. Here, let me try." And came in
was like, "I got to [__] pause for
this." and came in cuz then he just Bri
was doing incredible for the last three
rounds. That is for sure what happened.
Or it's like a younger brother older
brother thing where the younger brother
got to play three rounds. There is no
way the person went from not being able
to move the mouse and the body at the
same time to suddenly clutching three
rounds. There's no way. Great game. The
stream is over then. Yeah. I mean, I
guess it's kind of anticlimactic. Okay,
here's what we're going to say. I have
liked 4.9 games. I need to get.1 game
more. I need to like 10% of a game and
we're done. However, what I would like
to do now is I would like you guys to
tell me the shittiest games. What's the
worst game? And we're going to just go
through these until I kind of like one.
Steal a brain rot. We did at the
beginning. We already done that. Oh,
Horse Plinky. Dash has been talking
about Horse Plinky a lot.
>> I shouldn't be surprised at seeing Doug
getied by a child playing on their
parents' iPad. [music]
>> Can you play Roblox on your phone and
iPad? That explains all the kids then.
Ah, okay. Everything suddenly clicks.
It's like 60% of the player base. It's
probably like 90% of the player base.
Okay, we're gonna play uh horse plinky
and then smell my feet and then grow a
garden. I don't know if that's an actual
game or somebody just wanted me to smell
their feet, but that's what I saw in
chat. I must like it 10%. What in the
[__] is this at dash?
Oh,
[laughter]
this game [__] rips, dude. This is
awesome. We found the game. This Roblox
is incredible. I'm so [__] back.
I have 100 hours in this game. I love
horseplink. I played this for 9 days
nonstop. How do you unironically play
this for more than 2 minutes? I don't I
don't know. So, what do I What the [__]
Oh, dude. Roblox rips so hard. Ladies
and gentlemen, I have not only liked
this.1%.
I like this more than 2.3 games, which
means there's actually 7.2 games that I
like.
Let's workshop this. All right.
Collectively, we got to work together.
How do we end this stream in a way that
makes everybody go, "Wow, that was an
awesome ending to the stream." It felt
like everything came full circle.
>> Welcome to Just
>> Oh, what do you think about the Federal
Reserve? Uh, I'm not quite sure about it
to be honest.